Text for WTForms template:

Screening survey: 
Is your open education resource related to the Python programming language in some way? [yes, no, unsure]

What is your current role(s): [check all that apply: professional software developer, licensed classroom teacher, teacher/instructor, higher education faculty, researcher, for-profit product developer, non-profit product developer, boot camp or professional course instructor, other]

Are you willing to make all of the material provided an open education resource under one of the following creative commons licenses? [List all CC licenses, if no explain]

What country are you in? 

Does your resource require users to create an account or provide an email address to access it? If so, please describe what data is collected and for what purpose. 


Does your resource have an option to participate in research? If so, please describe the nature of the research project. Please link to consent documents/process. 

Contributor contact information: 



Resource Information: 

Type of resource: [drop down menu: platform/app, curriculum, tutorial/course, book, worked example, documentation, other]

Language: [dropdown, select multiple option]

Intended use case(s)[K-12 classroom, K-12 home, club, or other setting, K-12 teacher development, higher ed classroom undergraduate, higher ed graduate, post-secondary faculty development, professional license program, bootcamp or alternative adult training pathway, independent learning, game/fun, software professional learning/career development, software professional mentor development, professional in another field, other ]

Audience Experience Level:: [beginner (never programmed), beginner (other programming experience) intermediate, advanced, specific tool]

Age range: [children (up to age 12), adolescents (13-19), adults]

What specific platforms, tools, modules, or libraries are required for this resource? 

What types of devices can be used to access this resource: [check all that apply: desktop or laptop computer, chromebook or other netbook, iPad, Android Tablet, iPhone, Android Phone, Raspberry Pi, other]

Is your resource accessible? Check off any standards that you can verify it meets (upload evaluation certificate). Describe any accessibility features of your resource: [open response]


Is your resource culturally responsive? Please describe: 
Add materials


List all of the file types that will be part of your OER submission: 

Option 1: Edu in Python - OER github repository
	Instructions
Option 2: Upload to website and/or provide links
	Instructions



Write a brief description of the resource to be displayed on the website (specify word limit)



Authorship/attribution information: 


Optional author/developer bio: 

Optional organization description: 

Optional contributor contact information or website: 



